README.rst, before:

=====================
 Invenio-UserProfiles
=====================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles.svg
        :target: https://travis-ci.org/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles.svg
        :target: https://coveralls.io/r/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/tag/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles.svg
        :target: https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles/releases

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/invenio-userprofiles.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/invenio-userprofiles

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles.svg
        :target: https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles/blob/master/LICENSE

User profiles module for Invenio.

Features:

- Editing and managing user profiles (username, full name).
- Extends the user registration form provided by Invenio-Accounts.
- Resending user verification emails.
- Administration interface for user profiles.

Further documentation available on https://invenio-userprofiles.readthedocs.io/

Commit message:

global: license change and files cleanup

README.rst, after:

..
    This file is part of Invenio.
    Copyright (C) 2015-2018 CERN.

    Invenio is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the terms of the MIT License; see LICENSE file for more details.

=====================
 Invenio-UserProfiles
=====================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles.svg
        :target: https://travis-ci.org/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles.svg
        :target: https://coveralls.io/r/inveniosoftware/invenio-userprofiles

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/invenio-userprofiles.svg
        :target: https://pypi.org/pypi/invenio-userprofiles

User profiles module for Invenio.

Features:

- Editing and managing user profiles (username, full name).
- Extends the user registration form provided by Invenio-Accounts.
- Resending user verification emails.
- Administration interface for user profiles.

Further documentation available on https://invenio-userprofiles.readthedocs.io/
